# Project 1 - Solving the 1D Poisson Equation
Project 1 was completed individually by Erica Løken.

This project folder is organized into 4 subfolders [src](./src), [python](./python), [results](./results) and [report](./report).

##  Project description
The goal of this project is to solve the one-dimensional Poisson equation by discretization and implementation of the Thomas algorithm. Two versions of the algorithm are implemented:
- general algorithm for solving an arbitrary tridiagonal system
- special algorithm optimized for the Poisson problem

The two algorithms are compared using error analysis and timing tests. 

## Folder overview
### src
Contains all C++ source files. Each problem has its own `.cpp` file for solving the given problem. Each program writes output data to text files generated by the program and saves it in the [results](./results) folder. 

### python
All Python scripts (`.py` files) for plotting and error calulations are found withing this folder. Each problem has a corresponding `.py` file. 

### results
This is an empty folder storing all output files generated by C++ programs. The folder is empty in the repository, but will be populated when running the code.

### report
Folder containing the resulting project report as `.pdf` and `.tex` files. 

## Running the code
The C++ programs must be executed in the order as the problems (1-10). This ensures that the required text files are generated for the subsequent programs in order for the program to run properly.
